President Nalan in the Middle East Association
At least the Grand Sage Chamber of Commerce is close
It's a small thing that this Noah Lai president project is lost.
I'm afraid my temporary group will be in Zhongzhou in the future
No place to stand anymore
Second sister-in-law Nalan President
It's already reached that point right away
Never give up
Remember the chance to reach the sky in one step?
Of course I know what you're saying
only
Fan'er, go talk to President Nalan again
Mom, I believe it will be fine for you to come forward.
This, of course.
Just a word from me
President Nalan will definitely continue to pass
Mom knew my son would be fine to come forward
Okay, okay.
Oh, fortunately, Zhao used the president's friendship to lose money
Otherwise, the fat of the rice will be lost.
I don't know where to cry
Hahahaha
According to Nalai Huiniang
This project is capable of enabling the Lin Group
Deng Building's top group ranks
Hey, don't be so excited
I'm just saying I can handle President Nalan
But I didn't say I was going to do it.
Xiaofan, you can't let go of you.
When angry
His only wish is to lead you
To the top of the summer sky?
Yes, yes, Xiaofan
This is the only one
Finish your dad's one-month opportunity?
universal miss
It depends.
sb's attitude